c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.exe
C:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.deps.json
C:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.pdb
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\rpswa.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjimswa.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjsmrazor.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjsmcshtml.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\Minimal-API.styles.css
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json.cache
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\Minimal-API.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.pdb
C:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\Minimal-API.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Build.Locator.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\MySqlConnector.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Pomelo.EntityFrameworkCore.MySql.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Text.Json.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-.80E62930.Up2Date
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\bin\Debug\net9.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\lucas\OneDrive\Documentos\MeusProjetos\Curso_Avanade - Back-end com .NET e IA\ModuloAPI\Minimal-API\obj\Debug\net9.0\Minimal-API.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
